Hello, everyone, and
welcome back to the Internet of
Things Specialization here at UCSD,
focusing on the DragonBoard 410z.
We'd like to welcome you once again to
an acronyms and terminology lesson, right?
>> Mm-hm, yeah.
>> So always fun, and
I don't know if you've noticed, but we got
a nice little different background here
this time so to celebrate kind of-
>> Yeah, last one.
>> Yeah, it's kind of our last lesson for
the Capstone, yeah.
So anyways, what are we going to cover
in the acronym and terminology lesson?
We are going to cover acronyms and
terminology.
>> [LAUGH] What a surprise.
>> Yeah, what a surprise.
So just like every other course before
this, at least two through four.
We kind of walked you through a bunch of
the acronyms that we would like you to
maybe get familiar with,
because as you walk through the later
lessons and modules in this course, you're
going to kind of be confronted with.
>> Yeah.
Like, give you a little
heads up on the terminology that comes up.
So when we say something, you're not
totally confused and not to like,
to pause the video or
look it up right away.
>> Yeah, of course.
So,we'll probably ask you to make a cheat
sheet just like we have in earlier
courses.
And hopefully, you kind of take
care of that and have some fun.
So all right, let's get going.
Right, see you in the later videos.